OCPBUGS-6964: SME feedback on yaml file (#55912)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-bare-metal-agent-installer-config-yaml.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====
Class E CIDR range is reserved for a future use. To use the Class E CIDR range, you must ensure your networking environment accepts the IP addresses within the Class E CIDR range.
====
+
<7> The subnet prefix length to assign to each individual node. For example, if `hostPrefix` is set to `23`, then each node is assigned a `/23` subnet out of the given `cidr`, which allows for 510 (2^(32 - 23) - 2) pod IP addresses. If you are required to provide access to nodes from an external network, configure load balancers and routers to manage the traffic.
<8> The cluster network plugin to install. The supported values are `OVNKubernetes` (default value) and `OpenShiftSDN`.
<9> The IP address pool to use for service IP addresses. You can enter only one IP address pool. This block must not overlap with existing physical networks. If you need to access the services from an external network, configure load balancers and routers to manage the traffic.

> <10> You must set the platform to `none` for a single-node cluster. You can set the platform to `vSphere` and `baremetal` for multi-node clusters.

Reviewer: `vSphere` should be `vsphere`. Note that `none` is not currently allowed for multinode clusters, so the only choice in that case is between `baremetal` and `vsphere`.

```suggestion
<10> You must set the platform to `none` for a single-node cluster. You can set the platform to either `vsphere` or `baremetal` for multi-node clusters.
```

Author: ok noted

Author: Implemented. ptal

> <10> You must set the platform to `none` for a single-node cluster. You can set the platform to either `vsphere` and `baremetal` for multi-node clusters.

Reviewer: s/and/or/
otherwise lgtm

Author: oops I missed that , _or_ goes with _either_ . pushing this change.
